docs: add requirements section, revisit README.md (#97)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-react-native: README.md

  ```

### 2. Configure native dependencies

* **iOS**
  ```shell
  cd ios && pod install
  ```

* **Android**

  Add a declaration of the Fingerprint Android repository to your app main `build.gradle` file to the `allprojects` section:
  ```groovy
  maven {
    url("https://maven.fpregistry.io/releases")
  }
  maven {
    url("https://www.jitpack.io")
  }
  ```

  The file location is `{rootDir}/android/build.gradle`.
  After the changes the `build.gradle` file should look as following:

  ```groovy
  allprojects {
   repositories {
     mavenCentral()
     mavenLocal()
     maven {
       // All of React Native (JS, Obj-C sources, Android binaries) is installed from npm
       url("$rootDir/../node_modules/react-native/android")
     }
     maven {
       // Android JSC is installed from npm
       url("$rootDir/../node_modules/jsc-android/dist")
     }
     maven {
       url("https://maven.fpregistry.io/releases")
     }
     maven {
       url("https://www.jitpack.io")
     }
     google()
   }
  }
  ```

## Usage

To identify visitors, you need a Fingerprint Pro account (you can [sign up for free](https://dashboard.fingerprintjs.com/signup/)).

> - Go to [the Fingerprint Pro dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/)

Reviewer: Line 287: Avoid links that say "here", rephrase to make the link scannable on its own: 

> See the full [generated API Reference](https://fingerprintjs.github.io/fingerprintjs-pro-react-native).

# Fingerprint Pro React Native 

[Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com/) is a device intelligence platform offering 99.5% accurate visitor
identification. Fingerprint Pro React Native SDK is an easy way to integrate Fingerprint Pro into your React Native
application to call the native Fingerprint Pro libraries (Android and iOS) and identify devices.

## Table of contents
* [Requirements and limitations](#requirements-and-limitations)
* [Dependencies](#dependencies)
* [How to install](#how-to-install)
* [Usage](#usage)
  * [Hooks approach](#hooks-approach)
  * [API Client approach](#api-client-approach)
  * [`extendedResponseFormat`](#extendedresponseformat)
  * [`LinkedId` and `tags`](#linkedid-and-tags)
* [API Reference](#api-reference)
* [Additional Resources](#additional-resources)
* [Support and feedback](#support-and-feedback)
* [License](#license)

## Requirements and limitations

- React Native 0.69 or higher
- Android 5.0 (API level 21+) or higher
- iOS/tvOS 12, Swift 5.7 or higher

- Fingerprint Pro [request filtering](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/request-filtering) is not supported right now. Allowed and forbidden origins cannot be used.

> - Using inside Expo [environment](https://docs.expo.dev) is not supported right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usage inside the [Expo environment](https://docs.expo.dev) is not supported right now.
```

  ```shell
  yarn add @fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-react-native
  ```

* [PNPM](https://pnpm.js.org):
  ```shell
  pnpm add @fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-react-native
  ```

### 2. Configure native dependencies

* **iOS**
  ```shell
  cd ios && pod install
  ```

* **Android**

  Add a declaration of the Fingerprint Android repository to your app main `build.gradle` file to the `allprojects` section:
  ```groovy
  maven {
    url("https://maven.fpregistry.io/releases")
  }
  maven {
    url("https://www.jitpack.io")
  }
  ```

  The file location is `{rootDir}/android/build.gradle`.
  After the changes the `build.gradle` file should look as following:

  ```groovy
  allprojects {
   repositories {
     mavenCentral()
     mavenLocal()
     maven {
       // All of React Native (JS, Obj-C sources, Android binaries) is installed from npm
       url("$rootDir/../node_modules/react-native/android")
     }
     maven {
       // Android JSC is installed from npm
       url("$rootDir/../node_modules/jsc-android/dist")
     }
     maven {
       url("https://maven.fpregistry.io/releases")
     }
     maven {
       url("https://www.jitpack.io")
     }
     google()
   }
  }
  ```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: "More information about approaches you can find in the [js agent documentation](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/js-agent#linkedid)." missing period before this sentence. 

you can also rehrase it (in both places) as 
"For more information, see [Linked ID]."

To identify visitors, you need a Fingerprint Pro account (you can [sign up for free](https://dashboard.fingerprintjs.com/signup/)).

> - Go to [the Fingerprint Pro dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to [the Fingerprint Pro dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/).
```

Below you can combine the two bullet points into one and improve the navigation: 

* Open **App Settings** > **API Keys** to find your _Public_ API key.

> - Using inside Expo [environment](https://docs.expo.dev) is not supported right now.

Reviewer: The expo limitation feels pretty important. I would consider turning "Requirements" into "Requirements and limitations" and putting these two bullet points there.

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding a Support and Feedback section https://www.notion.so/fingerprintjs/Writing-DX-GitHub-Readmes-9556ed587c0749b29f32a18017413cbc
